This is the complete guide on how to sell
products on TikTok Shop in under 30
minutes. As you know, there's a
new way to sell products online
called TikTok Shop. Yes, you can sell
products directly from TikTok videos.
Let me show you an example.
Here we see a video on TikTok. And if I
want to buy the product I'm
seeing in that video, all I have to
do is click on
this link and I can buy it. This
is a great opportunity for you, the
seller, because you'll be able to sell
products directly from TikTok videos.
How does it work? Well, what you're going to
do is simply find a
profitable product to sell on TikTok.
I'm going to show you how to do that in this video.
Then you're going to find a supplier
for that product. Then you're going to list
that product on TikTok. You're going to create
videos of your product, or you can work
with creators who make videos of that
product for you. Now, every time someone
watches that video and buys that product, you
start earning money. That's what's so incredible
about this business because it's all about
the content surrounding that product.
For example, a single video can
generate thousands and thousands of dollars. How do I
know that? Well,  For example, this video I just
showed you has generated over
half a million dollars in sales for
that seller—just one video! In this
tutorial, I'm going to teach you how to create
a TikTok seller account, how to
find profitable products to
sell on the platform, how to find
the best suppliers for these
products, how to list your products on
TikTok, and how to find creators for
your products. So grab a
pen and paper and get ready to
take notes. Now, let's begin. To
create a TikTok seller account,
you'll go to
seller.com. One thing I want to tell you
is that it's completely free to have a
seller account on TikTok. You'll
go to seller.com and simply
click "North American
seller." You'll enter your
personal information and you'll be able to create your
TikTok seller account. One thing you'll
need to have a
TikTok Shop account is a
TikTok account. If you don't have a TikTok account,
download the TikTok app,
create an account, and come back here and create your
TikTok Shop account. You don't need
any followers or anything like that.  If you live
in the United States, you only
need your personal information to
create your TikTok Shop account. If you don't
live in the United States, fortunately, you'll
need what's called an
LLC here in the United States with an IT
number. If you don't have that,
fortunately, you won't be able to create a
TikTok account in the United States.
But for all my people who live
here in the United States, you only
need your personal information. You don't
need to have any company or anything.
Now, it's super easy to create a
seller account. Just click here, enter
your personal information, and you'll have your
own seller account. Now, once you
have your TikTok seller account,
what you're going to do next is
find a profitable product to
sell on TikTok Shop. One thing I
want to tell you is, if you're
passionate about something, for example, if you
want to sell beauty products or
gym products, you can do it. This is the great thing
about TikTok Shop: you don't have to
worry about the competition. What you
have to focus on is
simply creating videos of your product
that influence people to
buy it. That's all. TikTok Shop is...
giving a great opportunity to
people who truly want to
create their own brand in
e-commerce. Let's say you have no
idea what product to sell on
TikTok. Well, for that, we're going to come to a
website called
FastmComm and another called ShopPlus. These
websites are simply places
where you're going to find
profitable products to sell on TikTok.
ShopPlus is going to show us what products
are selling on TikTok right now
and how much money they're making.
Let's go here. It says "
top selling products," and for example, here they show us
what products in the United States
are selling on TikTok right now.
For example, let's look at
the best-selling products here in the United States in the last month.
For example, here I see that these leggings
have generated more than one million dollars
in sales on TikTok. For example,
here I see another one, this hairbrush, which
has generated more than 1.2 million
dollars in sales in just one month.
Incredible! So here you can find
quite a few product ideas to sell
on TikTok. So, for example, if I
also want to sell this
hairbrush because I see that it's making quite a lot of
money, all I
have to do is find...  a
supplier and also sell it through my
own store. Now, fm.com is also a
website that shows you what products
are selling on TikTok right now.
Now, another way I
also like to use is to go to Amazon and
look for the bestsellers. Why?
Because if a product is being
resold on Amazon, it means it
has a lot of demand, it means a
lot of people are looking for and
want this product. So what I'm
going to do is simply sell that
product on TikTok that I already know is in
demand, I know it's selling on
Amazon. So I'm simply going to
buy the product and sell it on
TikTok. Now, for example, let's go here to
this home and kitchen section. I always like to
feature products from
this section. Here, for example,
I found a product that is a
vegetable chopper. This is for cutting
vegetables. I like the product. I see that it's
selling on Amazon for $3. So what I'm
going to do is also sell
this product on TikTok. And the
best thing about selling products on TikTok is
that I can sell those products for
more than they're selling for on
Amazon. If, let's say, I can actually
sell this  Product on TikTok for $5,
super easy. Okay, we found a product
on ShopPlus that I like, which is
this hairbrush, and I found another
product on Amazon, which is this
vegetable cutter. We already have our ideas.
Now, how are we going to find a
supplier for our product to
start selling products on TikTok?
Well, there are two
websites that I personally use. One is
called hostelcentral.com, which is for
finding suppliers here in the
United States, and Alibaba.com is for
finding suppliers abroad,
in China or India, for example. Let's
say, my product is a
hairbrush. I see here that there are
beauty suppliers. I'm going to click here and
start looking for beauty suppliers here in the United
States. I'm going to go to
their websites to see if they
have my product that I want to
sell on TikTok. Now, if I don't find
a supplier in the United States, I'm going to
go to Alibaba because I'm going to
find this supplier for
this product. Ah, the Tangling Brush for
Hair. There it is, for example. Here is the
product, the same product that is being
sold on TikTok for, I see, $9. We
can buy it.  From a supplier in China
for 45 cents, incredible! Remember,
this product generated over
$1.2 million in sales on
TikTok last month,
incredible! So, I see it's in high
demand on TikTok, and I just
found a supplier for that
product. Now, let's find a
supplier for our
vegetable chopper. What we found on
Amazon is the Vegetable Chopper.
Let's go
here, Vegetable Chopper.
Here's the same product I
found that's selling on
Amazon for $23. We can buy it for $8
directly from a supplier in China. Okay,
so this is the amazing thing about Alibaba: you
can find a supplier
for your product super fast.
So, what I'm going to do next is
contact that supplier. I always
recommend ordering a sample for your
home to check the
product quality. If everything is okay with that
product, go back to the supplier, and you can
start with just 100 units. Okay,
I would recommend starting with 100 units
of this product if you want to sell it
on TikTok, or start with 100
units of this product to test your product.
TikTok Shop Idea: Okay, you're going to buy
only 100 units. What you're going to
do next is send your products
directly from your suppliers on Alibaba or
Wholesale Central
to a warehouse called a 3PL here in
the United States. These 3PL warehouses
will be in charge of storing your
products, packing them, and shipping them to the
customer. They'll handle everything, and
these warehouses automatically
connect to your TikTok Shop.
Okay, remember that: 3PL. How are you going to
find these warehouses? Well, you're going to
go to Google and search for "
3PL Warehouse for TikTok Shop." Here's a
whole list of all the different
3PL warehouses that will handle
all the logistics for you. One
thing to remember when you're communicating with
these warehouses:
ask them if, first, they
automatically connect to your TikTok account, and
second, if they ship your
product within 3 days. Because
if these warehouses take more than 3
days to ship the product to your customer,
you're going to have problems with your account.
So, when you
're communicating with these warehouses, it's important to
tell them they have to ship the
product to your
TikTok customer no later than 3
days. Remember that. Okay, now we have
the product, we have a supplier, we have
our warehouses that will be in
charge of storing, packing, and
shipping the products to the customer.
Finally, what you're going to do is list
your product on your TikTok account, and
you have to start making videos of your
products so you can start generating
sales. Now, how are you going to list your
product on TikTok? You're going to go to your
TikTok seller account. You simply enter
this section, and here's the
products section. You're going to click where it says "
products," and you're simply going to add your
product here. Now, once you have your
product added to your
TikTok seller account, you're going to use the
TikTok account you used to create your
seller account, and you're going to start
making videos with your product. And there
you can add the link to your
product in those videos. Now, all that
has to happen is that these videos
go viral, that people see them.  Watch the video
and buy directly from the video, okay? And the
great thing about selling products on TikTok is
that TikTok will earn 8% on every
sale you generate. So the
company wants your video to go
viral because they'll earn money
on every sale you generate. So you'll
receive completely free marketing
because TikTok will promote your video to make it
go viral and be seen by a
lot of people. And every time
you get a sale, well, you'll earn
money, and the company will earn money too.
Now, let's say you don't want to
make any videos; you just want to
sell the product and you want other
people to make the videos for you.
Well, TikTok has an
affiliate program. This part here
will simply show you all the
people who want to make
videos with products. Now, why do they
want to make videos with products? Well,
because these people will earn a
commission on every sale they generate for you through
their videos. This is the
amazing thing about this business, and TikTok will
also let you filter these people
by category. For example, for my
hairbrush product, which is a
beauty product, I'm going to click
where it says "Beauty and Personal Career," and it will show you...  I'm going to
teach all the different
creators who have experience
making beauty videos with
beauty products. So, I'm simply going
to invite them to make videos of my
products. Now, the best thing about this business
is that there's no limit to how many
different creators you
can work with. So, you can have
one product and have like 20 people
making videos of that product, and that's how you
can generate thousands and thousands of
dollars. Did you like this training?
Well, I have a surprise for you. This week
I'm organizing a
live webinar where I'm going to teach you step by step
how to create your own TikTok
Shop business. I'm going to teach you in more detail
how you too can launch your
e-commerce empire and earn thousands and
thousands of dollars with this business. All
you have to do to register
for my webinar is simply
click on the description of this
video to save your spot. Go do it
now because spots are
extremely limited. And if you have
any questions about this business,
please leave them in the comments, and I'll be very, very
happy to
answer them. Now, if you liked the
content, all I ask is that you:
number one, subscribe to the channel; number
two, like this video.  This video and to
enter our contest where I'm
giving away $100 directly to your PayPal, the
person who does the following will be entered: number one,
subscribe; number two, like
this video; and number three, comment the
words "How to sell on TikTok." I'm going to
choose one of you from the comments
and send you $100 directly to your
PayPal. Well, that's all, my dear
family. I love you all very much, and I'll see you in
the
next [Music]